1.annotate
① (VERB) 给…作注解（或评注） 
If you annotate written work or a diagram, you add notes to it, especially in order to explain it.
● Historians annotate, check and interpret the diary selections.  
历史学家对日记选篇进行加注、核查以及阐释。
● ...an annotated bibliography.  
附有注释的参考书目

2.acquisition
① (N-VAR) （对公司的）收购，并购 
If a company or business person makes an acquisition, they buy another company or part of a company.
● ...the acquisition of a profitable paper recycling company.  
对一家效益好的纸张回收公司的收购
● ...the number of mergers and acquisitions made by Europe's 1,000 leading firms.  
欧洲1,000家龙头企业的合并和收购案例的数目

② (N-COUNT) 购买;添置 
If you make an acquisition, you buy or obtain something, often to add to things that you already have.
● How did you go about making this marvellous acquisition then?  
那么你是怎么买到这一绝品的？
● ...the President's recent acquisition of a helicopter.  
总统最近添置的直升机
③ (N-COUNT) 购得物;获得物;增添物 
You can use acquisition to refer to an object that you buy or obtain, often to add to things that you already have.
● From her wardrobe Laura took her latest acquisition, a bright red dress.  
劳拉从衣柜里拿出了她最近的购物战果，一件鲜红色连衣裙。
④ (N-UNCOUNT) （知识、技能等的）获得，习得 The acquisition of a skill or a particular type of knowledge is the process of learning it or developing it.
● ...language acquisition.  
语言习得

3.bibliography
① (N-COUNT) （有关某一专题的）书目 
A bibliography is a list of books on a particular subject.
● At the end of this chapter there is a select bibliography of useful books.  
本章末尾列有一份有用的精选书目。
② (N-COUNT) （参考或引证的）文献目录，参考书目 
A bibliography is a list of the books and articles that are referred to in a particular book.


4.constrain
① (VERB) 约束;限制;强迫 
To constrain someone or something means to limit their development or force them to behave in a particular way.
● Women are too often constrained by family commitments and by low expectations...  
女性往往受到家庭责任和低期望值的束缚。
● How can we produce top-class engineers when universities are constrained to offer salaries that can only attract mediocre staff?...  
大学的财力有限，提供的薪酬仅能吸引水平一般的教师，在这种情况下，我们如何能培养出一流的工程师？
② (PHRASE) 觉得被迫(做某事) 
If you feel constrained to do something, you feel that you must do it, even though you would prefer not to.
● For some reason he felt constrained to lower his voice.  
不知怎么的，他觉得自己必须得压低声音。


5.blossom
① (N-VAR) （树木的）花， 花簇 
Blossom is the flowers that appear on a tree before the fruit.
● The cherry blossom came out early in Washington this year.  
今年华盛顿的樱花开得很早。
● ...the blossoms of plants, shrubs and trees.  
草木的花
② (VERB) 兴盛；变得有魅力；变得成功 
If someone or something blossoms, they develop good, attractive, or successful qualities.
● Why do some people take longer than others to blossom?...  
为什么有的人比他人大器晚成？
● What began as a local festival has blossomed into an international event.  
最初的地方节日已经发展成了国际性盛会。
③ (VERB) （树木）开花 
When a tree blossoms, it produces blossom.

● Rain begins to fall and peach trees blossom.  
开始下雨了，桃树也开花了。



6.blur
① (N-COUNT) 模糊形状；模糊的区域 
A blur is a shape or area which you cannot see clearly because it has no distinct outline or because it is moving very fast.
● Out of the corner of my eye I saw a blur of movement on the other side of the glass...  
从眼角余光中我看到玻璃的另一边隐约有东西在移动。
● Her face is a blur.  
她的脸模糊不清。
② (V-ERG) （使）变得模糊不清 
When a thing blurs or when something blurs it, you cannot see it clearly because its edges are no longer distinct.
● This creates a spectrum of colours at the edges of objects which blurs the image...  
这在物体的边缘形成了一道色谱，使图像变得模糊不清。
● If you move your eyes and your head, the picture will blur.  
如果你的眼睛或头动了，图像就会变得模糊不清。
③ (VERB) 使（想法、区别等）模糊；使（想法、区别等）不明晰 
If something blurs an idea or a distinction between things, that idea or distinction no longer seems clear.
● ...her belief that scientists are trying to blur the distinction between 'how' and 'why' questions...  
她认为科学家们试图模糊“如何”和“为什么”这两类问题之间的区别
● The evidence is blurred by central banks' reluctance to reveal their blunders.  
由于中央银行不愿意公开自己的愚蠢错误，证据并不清楚。
④ (V-ERG) （使）（视力）模糊；（使）看不清楚 
If your vision blurs, or if something blurs it, you cannot see things clearly.
● Her eyes, behind her glasses, began to blur...  
她藏在眼镜后面的双眼变得模糊起来。
● Sweat ran from his forehead into his eyes, blurring his vision.  
汗水从额头流到了眼睛里，模糊了他的视线。

7.lure
① (VERB) 引诱；诱惑；哄骗 
To lure someone means to trick them into a particular place or to trick them into doing something that they should not do.
● He lured her to his home and shot her with his father's gun...  
他把她哄到家里，用他父亲的枪射杀了她。
● They did not realise that they were being lured into a trap...  
他们没有意识到自己正被诱入圈套。

② (N-COUNT) 诱饵 
A lure is an object which is used to attract animals so that they can be caught.

③ (N-COUNT) 诱惑力；魅力 
A lure is an attractive quality that something has, or something that you find attractive.
● The excitement of hunting big game in Africa has been a lure to Europeans for 200 years...  
到非洲猎取大型野生动物的刺激两百年来一直吸引着欧洲人。
● The lure of rural life is proving as strong as ever.  
事实证明，乡村生活的魅力丝毫未减。